Is it the most wealthy family in Beihai?
Take out a bottle of wine at random
They are all places that are unattainable to ordinary people in their lives
What about this bottle of wine?
I have also treasured it for a long time
Lei Ming, please share it with everyone.
I'm going to make a call
The wine is gone, but you should be honored too
If it weren't for us
Untouchables like you
I'm afraid I'll never have a chance
Drink such a good bar
It doesn't matter.
This low-grade wine
Can't live in my mouth at all
So Brother Xiao must have drunk countless real brews
Let's name a few
Let's have a long experience.
My favorite drink is Peerless Aged
That's the best wine in the world
Peerless Aging
Isn't that the wine produced by Wuji Temple?
Are you Brother Xiao, Brother Wuji?
It is the respected teacher of the Wuji Hall
So let the Wang family be destroyed
Let the Li family withdraw from the business world
It's also Brother Xiao
Yes, exactly.
But less than two hours have passed since the Li family
Brother Jiang's news is well-informed
In the North Sea
Nothing can escape the eyes of our Jiang family
I heard that at the Zhao family birthday banquet
Ning Yu openly turned against Zhao Muyan for you
I think your relationship
It shouldn't be just as simple as friends
Huji is my boyfriend now